In the last lecture we have learned how we can pollinate the collection response and also how to specify
the amount of items we would like per page.
So also we have learned that even though you will disable data wrapping when you have some additional
parameters and in case with pollination you always do that data wrapping will be re enabled anyway.
Also notice the interesting thing that inside the links a lot of it is automatically appending a query
parameter called page and then it also understands it automatically so if you will add this query parameter
to the URL it will display the recent results for the specific page.
Now sometimes we might like to add some query parameter of our own and a good case for that would be
specifying how many items we would like per page.
So let's see how we can do that.
So first we would need to do the request object to the method and from the request we can read some
parameters so let's call it per page and request input and the parameter name would be per page and
what we would like to do is to either use this parameter of if it is not specified then just specify
no.
Or well maybe a better option would be to specify let's say 15.
So that's the default and also let's convert that to integer.
Now what we can do is we can pass this parameter to the target date method and let's see if that works.
So first we visit a list of comments and per page is 15 because that's the default option if you will
specify that you want per page let's say five items you got that but the problem is with the links for
the next pages.
So even though you see that per page is five when you will go to those links to the next pages.
Well this won't work because actually we want to pass around this parameter per page so.
Well let's even try that.
So the link to the next page will look like this.
It will have page 2.
So now you see you don't have any results and the meta data says that there are total seven elements
and 15 per page.
And this is because to get that working you will have to pass around this parameter with a link and
well how do you do that.
So we have to modify what lot of it is generating with the links.
So there is actually a way to do that and this is called appends and inside this offense you can specify
an array of some additional parameters.
So let's say we would like a per page parameter and we can use our per page variable which will contain
either 15 or the value provided by the user.
So let's save the changes.
And now let's first maybe like that so let's fetch the comments and now what you can see is that those
links generated by Lara will not only contain a link to the page that should be opened while the chunk
of data that's true should be returned but it also contains your own parameter per page and now if you
will modify this request to visit the page second and see five items per page.
Now it works.
So you see two elements.
So this was a useful example to see how you can pass around this per page parameter but this works with
any kind of parameters.
So this upends method lets you add any additional parameters whether this is a parameter that specifies
how items should be sorted or how the items should be filtered.
That's the way to do it and to let a lot of generate those links correctly.